Add rego policies article (#24)
kubewarden/kubewarden.io: content/blog/2021/09/running-rego-policies.md

parameters, and other important information is exposed to the policy,
and the way the policy has to give its answer differs between them,
but the differences end there.

By targeting Web Assembly, with the `opa build` command, it's possible
to build policies targeting Open Policy Agent and Gatekeeper in a
format that is understood and runnable by Kubewarden: `wasm`.

Having presented the context, we can now go for the good news:
Kubewarden supports both **Open Policy Agent** and **Gatekeeper**
policies! -- **without any change needed on your existing policies**.

#### A burrito, with some Rego inside of it

[Flavio](https://twitter.com/flavio_castelli) had the idea and did the
initial work of implementing a runtime for Rego policies built for the
Web Assembly target inside Kubewarden. As you can imagine, the only
logical name one can think of for a Burrito full of Rego can be
`burrego`. This project is currently embedded into our
`policy-evaluator` project in a crate of its own. If there is
community interest, we can publish it as an individual crate on
`crates.io`, so let us know if this is of your interest.

## Distributing policies

### Building policies

> Despite your policy code does not need to be adapted at all, the first

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Despite your policy code not needing to be adapted at all, the first
```

(But maybe it would be better simplified?)

Author: I am not sure about this one, I think the original is better formed, but not a native speaker.

normally through the `data` document inside of your policy.

### Annotating policies

After we have a Web Assembly target file, Kubewarden does not know
what execution model it should use when instantiated.

We have some tricks to identify whether a policy was built with one of
our SDK's, but we don't have those tricks to tell the difference
between a Rego policy targeting Open Policy Agent and another one
targeting Gatekeeper.

We could have implemented some heuristics, but we thought it was best
to ask our users to annotate their policies, as they are doing
today. After all, all policies that run in the `policy-server` need to
be annotated first, and policies have to provide extra metadata. More
on that right now.

The annotation process is a very simple way of extending the Web
Assembly binary with custom headers that tells Kubewarden a little
more about some things: like what are the resources this policy
targets, the version of the policy, author, license... some other
things, and now: the execution model.

After you have built your Rego policy with `opa build`, regardless of
whether it's targeting Open Policy Agent or Gatekeeper, you must

> annotate the Web Assembly binary to specify what execution model it has.

Reviewer: Maybe it would be good to add a reminder of "This can be done with `kwctl annotate`" or similar.

### Pushing policies

If you followed the steps until now, now Kubewarden has a Web Assembly
binary with some metadata --that travels with the binary itself,
nice!--.

> Now, you can push your policy normally with `kwctl push` to an OCI

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Now, you can push your policy as usual with `kwctl push` to an OCI
```

I think "normally" as an adverb can't be in that position, would need to be "you can push normally your policy as with kwctl" or similar.

registry that allows OCI artifacts, and you are done!

It's up to you now to deploy your policy on a `policy-server` instance
on a Kubernetes cluster, or to use `kwctl` to try your policy out.

## Wrapping up

We have seen what Rego is, how it relates to Open Policy Agent and

> Gatekeeper, and what are the differences between this two frameworks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gatekeeper, and what are the differences between these two frameworks.
```
